For this final project, I will be designing and providing basic function to a webpage for my chosen client, who is my younger sister attending her junior year in college.  After meeting with my client as of last Sunday, we discussed the purpose, and some functionality of the webpage that they have requested.  In a couple of months, my client is planning on designing and opening an exhibit in Topsfield, and thus wants a site to not only promote the exhibit, but to relay a little information about what’s on display.  They also wanted the site to show general information for visitors such as date, driving directions, and time.  
Although my client did not specify who exactly their customers would be, in this case, the client’s customers are going to be those who do not live locally in the area since general information will be provided on the site.  I did suggest adding map functionality to the website for ease of access to driving directions and a visual display of the exhibit’s location.  This will allow for the customers (a.k.a. visitors) to find the exhibit.  As for the customers themselves, considering the theme of the exhibit, there is a large age range, but most notably between the ages of 16 thru 60.  So, for our older customers, map functionality on my client’s site is a must.  
As for the information that the site will provide about the exhibit’s display, it will serve to entice their younger customers interested in that subject.  On this note, my client has specified having a page with a timeline, and having links on that timeline to connect to separate pages.  These pages will have general information about the items on display with links to more information from outside sources.  I had suggested that the information provided with these items be a bit sparse, in order to encourage the customers to attend the actual exhibit itself.  We delve into examples of museum websites, including the MFA, and how they provided information for their displays on their site.  While the timeline will provide interesting imagery and interactivity to my client’s site, its purpose will ultimately to ensure to pique their customer’s interest in the subject with the goal of visiting my client’s exhibit.
How my client will measure the success will be, of course, the amount of people visiting the exhibit.  They did not specify how this will be achieved, and how much of the customer’s visitation will be based on the information provided by the website itself.  I will ask my client directly in our next meeting.
As far as I am aware, my client has not worked with any previous designers, and is having the website built up from scratch.  Some documents have been sent to my person in order to review the information and decided how it will be implemented on the site being requested.  I believe the content that they have provided will be a good starting point, and we can begin the process of developing an outline for the webpages in our next meeting.
